in the beginning of the reign of
Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of
Judah this word came from the Lord stand
in the court of the Lord's house and
speak to all the cities of Judah which
come to worship in the Lord's house all
the words that I command you to speak to
them do not diminish a world perhaps
everyone will listen and turn from his
evil way that I may relent concerning
the calamity which I purposed to bring
on them because of the evil of their
doings and you shall say to them thus
says the Lord if you will not listen to
me
to walk in my law which I have set
before you to heed the words of my
servants the prophets whom I sent to you
both rising up early and sending them
but you have not heeded then I will make
this house like Shiloh and will make
this city a curse to all the nations of
the earth so the priests and the
prophets and all the people heard
Jeremiah speaking these words in the
house of the Lord now it happened when
Jeremiah had made an end of speaking all
that the Lord had commanded him to speak
to all the people that the priests and
the prophets and all the people seized
him you will surely die
why have you prophesied in the name of
the Lord saying this house shall be like
Shiloh and this city shall be desolate
without an inhabitant and all the people
would gathered against Jeremiah in the
house of the Lord when the princes of
Judah heard these things they came up
from the King's house to the house of
the Lord and sat down in the entry of
the new gate of the Lord's house
and the priests and the prophets spoke
to the princes and all the people this
man deserves to die well he has
prophesied against this city as you have
heard with your ears then jeremiah spoke
to all the princes and all the people
the lord sent me to prophesy against
this house and against this city with
all the words that you have heard now
therefore i mend your ways and your
doings and obey the voice of the lord
your god then the lord will relent
concerning the doom that he is
pronounced against you as for me Here I
am in your hand do with me as seems good
and proper to you but know for certain
that if you put me to death you will
surely bring innocent blood on
yourselves on this city and on its
inhabitants for truly the Lord has sent
me to you to speak all these words in
your hearing so the princes and all the
people fed to the priests and the
prophets this man does not deserve to
die for he has spoken to us in the name
of the Lord our God when certain of the
elders of the land rose up and spoke to
all the Assembly of the people Micah
abortion prophesied in the days of
Hezekiah king of Judah and spoke to all
the people of Judah saying thus says the
Lord of hosts Zion shall be ploughed
like a field
Jerusalem shall become heaps of ruins in
the mountain of the temple like the bare
hills of the forest did Hezekiah king of
Judah and all Judah ever put him to
death
did he not fear the Lord and seek the
Lord's favor and the Lord relented
concerning the Dome which he had
pronounced against them but we are doing
great evil against ourselves
now there was also a man who prophesied
in the name of the Lord you Roger the
son of she mayor of kiriath-jearim who
prophesied against this city and against
this land according to all the words of
Jeremiah and when Jehovah kissed the
king with all his mighty men and all the
princes heard his words the King sought
to put him to death but when you ride
you heard it he was afraid and fled and
went to Egypt
then joy akin the king sent men to Egypt
el Dathan the son of Akbar and other men
who went with him to Egypt and they
brought Uriah from Egypt and brought him
to Jehoiakim the king who killed him
with a sword and cast his dead body into
the graves of the common people
nevertheless the hand of a high CIM the
son of shaphan was with jeremiah so that
they should not give him into the hand
of the people to put him to death